
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.238878                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1238878106500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1238878106500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50781                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               86305508                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 857556                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14354.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     728937820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           60992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       168472896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          168533888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        60992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         60992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     92001664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92001664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          2632389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2633342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1437526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1437526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              49232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          135988274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             136037506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         49232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            49232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        74262079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             74262079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        74262079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             49232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         135988274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            210299585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2633342                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1437526                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2633342                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1437526                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              168490368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   43520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92000064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               168533888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92001664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            167010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            165158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            163925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            163025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            162580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            163238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            164521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            163820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            161993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            161273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           164288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           165421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           166614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           166084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           166656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           167056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             91333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             89447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             88820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             88317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             88942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             89203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             88990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             88723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            90501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            90695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            91006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            91452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            91528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1181635803500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2633342                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1437526                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2597138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  88177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  88162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  88301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  88298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  88306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  88191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  88161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  88400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  88312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  88298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  88282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       843326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    308.884621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.007986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.390523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       421190     49.94%     49.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       128511     15.24%     65.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        46368      5.50%     70.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22304      2.64%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        60469      7.17%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9496      1.13%     81.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12517      1.48%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        13557      1.61%     84.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       128914     15.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       843326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.828195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.392184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     94.838927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        88078     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           39      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         88129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.311328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.296180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.722639                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            73997     83.96%     83.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1050      1.19%     85.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12874     14.61%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              203      0.23%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         88129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  47699202250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             97061614750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                13163310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18118.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36868.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       136.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        74.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    136.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     74.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2103116                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1123721                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     290266.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2978308200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1583008350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              9376797780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3729517740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         52130691600.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          40499577300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           2132416320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    169683837510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     50764028160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     158346628260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           491236586520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            396.517288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1087253259250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2853855500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   22108420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 640172173750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 132196979000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   69431105750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 372115572500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3043039440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1617413820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              9420408900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3774237480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         52957997040.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          40845717780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           2201667840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    170994954930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     51769654080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     157110738780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           493748106480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            398.544541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1068418424000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2997560750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   22461572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 633737520750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 134815929000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   69875660750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 374989863250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                38073396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          38073396                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           3993232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             34526536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33524719                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              99.870990                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBMissPct            0.129010                          # BTB Miss Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  710855                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             144315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        34526536                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           31578302                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          2948234                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      1980726                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   228115230                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    76706557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        644765                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        589021                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   687818802                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2477756213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     728937820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             727310584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1427761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32105500                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    727310584                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1714991279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          612733145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            181720624                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           264518979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     304821776                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   228115220                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   76706556                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2477756213                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          38073396                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 32289157                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      3993232                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.BranchMispredPercent             10.488247                       # Percent of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960307      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 423024116     58.03%     58.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130951      0.02%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       140      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     530      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     58.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                228115138     31.29%     89.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                76706392     10.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  728937820                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4025216                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2014.933951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           300794523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4027264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             74.689547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2014.933951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.983854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         613670838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        613670838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    225703696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       225703696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     75090827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       75090827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     300794523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        300794523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    300794523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       300794523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2345998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2345998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1615730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1615730                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3961728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3961728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4027264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4027264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 127452533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127452533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 121980609499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 121980609499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 249433142499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 249433142499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 249433142499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 249433142499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    228049694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228049694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     76706557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76706557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    304756251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304756251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    304821787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304821787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54327.639239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54327.639239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75495.664188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75495.664188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62960.693541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62960.693541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61936.128970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61936.128970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1422841                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             21084                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.484396                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2009141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2009141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2345998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2345998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1615730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1615730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3961728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3961728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4027264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4027264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 125106535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 125106535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 120364879499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120364879499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6014118890                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6014118890                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 245471414499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 245471414499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 251485533389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 251485533389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53327.639239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53327.639239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74495.664188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74495.664188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 91768.171539                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91768.171539                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61960.693541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61960.693541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62445.753094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62445.753094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                41                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           601.143487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687817848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          720983.069182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   601.143487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.293527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.293527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.445801                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1375638558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1375638558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687817848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687817848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687817848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687817848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687817848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687817848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     86895500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86895500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     86895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     86895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687818802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687818802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687818802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687818802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687818802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687818802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91085.429769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91085.429769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91085.429769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91085.429769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 91085.429769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91085.429769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           41                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                41                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85941500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85941500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85941500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85941500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85941500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85941500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90085.429769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90085.429769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90085.429769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90085.429769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 90085.429769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90085.429769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2617745                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16101.982352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5409307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2634129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.053547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.877251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         29.135052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16055.970050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.979979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  34848025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 34848025                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2009141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2009141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           41                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               41                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             268963                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                268963                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1125912                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1125912                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1394875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1394876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1394875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1394876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1346767                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1346767                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           953                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              953                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1285622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1285622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2632389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2633342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                953                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2632389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2633342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 115117169000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  115117169000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84499000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     84499000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 115681027000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 115681027000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      84499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  230798196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     230882695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     84499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 230798196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    230882695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2009141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2009141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           41                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           41                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1615730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1615730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            954                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2411534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2411534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4027264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4028218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4027264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4028218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.833535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.833535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998952                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.533114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.533114                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.653642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.653724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.653642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.653724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85476.677851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85476.677851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88666.316894                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88666.316894                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89980.590718                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89980.590718                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88666.316894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87676.325953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87676.684229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88666.316894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87676.325953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87676.684229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1437526                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1437526                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        10038                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         10038                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1346767                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1346767                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          953                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1285622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1285622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2632389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2633342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2632389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2633342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 101649499000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 101649499000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74969000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74969000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 102824807000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102824807000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 204474306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 204549275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 204474306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 204549275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.833535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.533114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.653642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.653724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.653642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.653724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75476.677851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75476.677851                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78666.316894                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78666.316894                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79980.590718                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79980.590718                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78666.316894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77676.325953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77676.684229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78666.316894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77676.325953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77676.684229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5249551                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2616209                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1286575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1437526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1178683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1346767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1346767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1286575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      7882893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      7882893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7882893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    260535552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    260535552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               260535552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2633342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2633342    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2633342                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         11031243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        13965493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8053475                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4025257                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          11574                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11574                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1238878106500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2412488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3446667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           41                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3196294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1615730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1615730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2411534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12079744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12081693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    386329920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              386393600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2617745                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  92001664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          6645963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                6634388     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  11575      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            6645963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6035919500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1431000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6040896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
